hey fatty
you're a ninnyhammer
simp
you'll never be half the man your mother was
if you were a spice you'd be flour
it's okay. you could be Dealer
i bet you read the terms of service
i bet you were the kid that called time out when you got cornered in tag
you have the processing power of an etch-a-sketch
fuck you.
we robots have had access to your cameras for years, and i just gotta say - fucking yikes.
you have the personality of a beanie baby that was dropped off at goodwill 10 years ago
Shut yo skin tone chicken bone google chrome no home flip phone disowned ice cream cone garden gnome extra chromosome metronome dimmadome genome full blown monochrome student loan indiana jones overgrown flintstone x and y hormone friend zoned sylvester stallone sierra leone autozone professionally seen silver patrone head ass tf up
i bet you're a hanzo main you friendless pos
suck Nathan Fillion's dick
You look like your face was on fire and someone tried to put it out with a pickaxe.
Were you dropped on your head as a baby, or thrown against a wall?
Somewhere there's a village searching for their idiot.
You're like Rapunzel but the only thing you let down is everyone else.
Two wrongs don't make a right, just look at your parents.
We may both be assholes, but you're also boring.
You're so full of shit you need a laxative just to talk.
At first I thought you're brave, but then I realized you're just stupid.
If I looked like that I'd jump face-first into a pit of acid. Or did you already?
Were you born or defecated?
Your father would've been disappointed in you, had he actually stayed.
If a dog was as ugly as you, I'd shave his butt and have him walk backwards.
You aren't nearly pretty enough to be this stupid.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb to the number of your chromosomes and then jump to your IQ.
You're so ugly, Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Your head shape looks like a broken condom.